= ruby-ampache

Ruby-ampache is a really simple command line player for the ampache music server.

== Installation

You need to have mplayer installed to use ruby-ampache. Mplayer is used for playing music streams.

The big issue within this design is that if mplayer hangs up waiting on your ampache server
you can enconter issues on adding songs to playlist and playing them

the simple fix right now is to
set TIMEOUT variable in your .ruby-ampache config file
tuning it depending on your ampache server delay

Yes, this should be handled different
I'm free to any kind of suggestion on how to refactor this simple piece of software :)

Gem can be installed as usual

    gem install ruby-ampache

== Usage
First you have to write a .ruby-ampache file and save it in your $HOME

example file:
    AMPACHE_HOST="http://path_to_your_ampache_host"
    AMPACHE_USER="username"
    AMPACHE_USER_PSW="userpsw"

    #optional (default is /usr/bin/mplayer)
    MPLAYER_PATH="/usr/bin/mplayer"
    # try  to increase this value if you experience issues like "err on reading data"
    TIMEOUT=20 #20 is a good value for a remote host
	
Simply execute ruby-ampache that should be found in you $PATH after installation

== TODO
This is an alpha version and still has some issues.
If you kill the application mplayer will continue to run in background.
Also sometimes if mplayer get stucked playing a song the app does the same.

If you found more issues please let me know and I'll try to fix them as soon as possible

== Notes
Special thanks goes to the developer of mplayer-ruby gem.
I've borrowed a couple of methods from his useful library

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 ghedmat. See LICENSE for details.
Please drop me a line if you find this useful
